Hello everyone with you again benders and welcome
to the first olympiad in
Minecraft obstacle course
throwing like me yes and min so the thing is
what is the current mod that we put
Roasted our minkvravt adds on pen
running track flat obstacles in
third spear and fourth fuck anyone
don't need a radar but let's start with radar
the radar is very strange I do not know why it
generally entered but it shows what the
behind you that is here with us
the cow is turning around and if you
look there green dots
these cows are marked
he is absolutely not needed here so if
Of course, this fashion designer is unlikely
This will look my videos then take away the radar
infection
here and now move on to more
The interesting part of this mod is this treadmill
track well firstly this is such a block
and which symbolizes the race themselves
tracks
can be done somehow so here you can
make a long treadmill and
so on if this mod is put on
the server is very cool and it will be possible
arrange your run now
to have
and the obstacle is such a very hk which
if we don't jump it will fall and we
we can deploy it to any place for
this need to poke on about fallen on it
and why you see, you can deploy it
but I don't know why this is necessary because
usually you can all in one direction
put and run okay let's go to
running myself with 3
banzai banzai is stupid this is cool guys on
really difficult to jump them i
just jumped all see them
yes now it was less successful
mod principle is very funny because
if you put it on the server you can
arrange races especially if
less advanced server who's there
you can arrange races and hand out
cookies or diamond
like u like who is more comfortable for everyone thanks for
viewing with you was a bender put mine
mods subscribed to my channel but mod
not mine this is clear subscribe to my
channel put like because damn this
Radar pisses me off but the site does not have to Huskies
therefore and
thank you for watching with you was batyr
all good luck to all bye bye